# Route

Notes:

- http routes are merged on the gateway and so multiple http routes can overlap with hostnames and rules.
- this means we don't need any weird coprovisoining like we did with nginx ingress
- we can just create a route as is
- variables:
  - hostname
  - path
  - path_match_type? (default path-prefix)
  - service (remember to just take the left hand portion and split the port off and use the port in the backend ref)
  - gateway
  - gateway_namespace?
  - could be a bunch more here, but this is where we start
  - 
  



Use this [GitHub template repository](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-template-repository) as a starting point for any new Terraform/OpenTofu (TF) module repository in this GitHub organization.

It provides any new repository created from it with

- GitHub workflows for TF validation and testing
- A default file structure for the TF code and TF tests
- Automated [Terraform docs](https://github.com/terraform-docs/terraform-docs) generation

To support Terraform docs generation in your module repository, use the markers &lt;!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS --> and &lt;!-- END_TF_DOCS --> in your `README.md` file to designate the location of the generated TF docs inside the README. If not included, TF docs will be appended to the end of the README. Set the GitHub workflow variable `disable-tf-docs` to `false` to disable Terraform docs generation.

Find the autogenerated TF docs below.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

No inputs.

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
